
books
  Money Changes Everything: How Finance Made Civilization Possible
  Body Language
  Grammatical Man: Information, Entropy, Language and Life
  The Information: A History, A Theory, A Flood
  When Time Breaks Down: The Three Dimensional Dynamics of Electrochemical Waves and Cardiac Arrhythmias
  Seven Arrows Paperback – May 12, 1985 by Hyemeyohsts Storm
  Genesis Revisited - Z. Sitchins
  Twelvth Planet
  Fractals Form, Chance, and Dimension
  World Revolution - Nesta Webster

To actually cast a sound shadow of the harmonics of the heart on the thymus gland
And the thymus is this lovely little catchers mitt ... the thy am us, mea culpa
mea culpa. Which doesn't mean through my fault but means I take responsibility
for, I thump my thymus. Because it's the sounds of the heart where you take
responsibility for the way your emotion fabricated the shape of the
magnetic field which is your world

sufi heart with wings

philotaxis

irs publication 6209

Adam Weishaupt

"As far as  the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality." -Albert Einstein

Soma Divine Mushroom of Immortality

Hermann Hesse - Journey to the East
The Psychedelic Experience: A Manual Based on the Tibetan Book of the Dead
The Doors of Perception and Heaven and Hell

Culture is a plot against the expansion of conscienceness

Nobody needs to guard the truth from inspection
Nobody needs to tell you you can't look behind the stage


Samael Aun Weor

Language was designed to hide feelings

The Biology of Belief - Bruce Lipton


Alan Watts
  agnosia - dark knowledge of god
    The knowledge of god in the cloud of unknowing
      Anonymous 14th century English monk -> Dionysus Theriopogite (5th or 6th century Syrian monk) -> Pofery -> Plotinus (neo platonist) -> Alexandria

All water has a perfect memory and is forever trying to get back to where it was.
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float. Alan Watts
Water does not resist. Water flows. When you plunge your hand into it, all you feel is a caress. Water is not a solid wall, it will not stop you. But water always goes where it wants to go, and nothing in the end can stand against it. Water is patient. Dripping water wears away a stone. Remember that, my child. Remember you are half water. If you can't go through an obstacle, go around it. Water does.
Human nature is like water. It takes the shape of its container.


The Creature from Jekyll Island
The Biggest Secret

When an honest mana discovers he is mistaken,
he will either cease being mistaken,
or cease being honest.

Confessions of an Economic Hit Man
Mark Booth - The Secret History of the World
The Dimensions of Paradise
How to get away with murder in america - evan wright
the cia as organized crime - doug valentine
kingpin - richard straton
brotherhood of eternal love
is god a mathematician - mario livio
technocracy inc
the lost science of money
the history of chinese philosophy - fun hu long
the essence of budhism

our mathematical universe
narconomics
american desperado
this is your country on drugs

be here now - ram dass
autobiography of a yogi
ramakrishna and his disciples
Cosmic Consciousness: A Study in the Evolution of the Human Mind

The Wisdom of Insecurity: A Message for an Age of Anxiety - Alan Watts
The Book: On the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are - Alan Watts

Crypto: How the Code Rebels Beat the Government – Saving Privacy in the Digital Age
Cryptonomicon
Cypherpunks: Freedom and the Future of the Internet
The Crypto Anarchist Manifesto


maintainability, reliability or compactness. Reuse, simplification, generalization, orthogonality: this is the Zen of Unix in action.
Do as little work as possible. Let the data shape the code. Lean on your tools. Separate mechanism from policy. Expert Unix programmers learn to see possibilities like these quickly and automatically. Constructive laziness is one of the cardinal virtues of the master programmer.


a symbol should be the result of knowledge
the understanding the awareness and then you have the symbol surface
having someone learn symbols
and then distributing a very strategically limited amount of meaning
to that person does not give them knowledge
they perceive that they are getting knowledge
they are looking for the end result
therefore you are dependant on the meaning that is given to you
the idea of indoctrinating somebody with an oath is absolute evil
why? because they are declaring they do not want you to be a creative being
and extract your own meaning

club bilderberg

The author holds that our school curricula, by stripping
mathematics of its cultural content and leaving a bare skeleton
of technicalities, have repelled many a fine mind. It is the aim of
this book to restore this cultural content and present the evolution
of number as the profoundly human story which it is.


dircolors -p > ~/.dircolors

Atomic Suicide - walter russell
Crypto: How the Code Rebels Beat the Government Saving Privacy in the Digital Age

the careful massacre of the bourgeousis




git remote set-url origin git@github.com:dmlesc/effansin.git

Dedicated to deduplicating machine sprawl and hyperconverging all the workloads in the clouds or on the premises.
